As you saw in the Getting Started section view just need some place in aged female some age HTML code
that can take control over.
So let's add such code here and with hash tag app and then tab you quickly create a def with the idea
app and app is not an idea you have to use.
You could use any ID here.
It's just something you see quite a lot which is Wiles's stick to that.
Now this simple is possible future yes app we can build is to have this app dev year and then go to
the javascript section and create a new view instance and that's generally how you initialize view chairs
you create such instances where each instance and you can have multiple ones takes control over some
part of your HCM code.
You pass a javascript object to this instance to configure it and then you tell it to take control over
which part of your code with the L property reserved word of course which you chaps will recognize here
you pass a C-s as selector.
So here it's hash tag app to select this death and then now that you've got control over this part of
H.T. email you can actually change it with the huge yes.
Now what do I mean with take control over HVM L here though.
Let's see how it works by adding a number property view Cheras will recognize the data property to that
object you passed to the instance the data property takes a javascript object as an argument.
And here we may define any data we want to work with in this view instance.
So here that could simply be our name.
Of course you can choose any name for this property you want could be age could be anything.
I'll stick to name.
I'll assign a value here.
A string named Max and a normal javascript syntax you're right nothing special is this normal javascript
object with a key value pair.
Now that we registered this data field this name property we can use it in the H team all code in the
day if we're controlling by adding some syntax view chips will recognize diabolically races opening
and closing.
This is called string interpellation basically.
And it means that DHS will dynamically output some text in this place.
The text here is simply the value of name.
So what ever we enter between the curly braces has to in the end give us a string or something which
can be converted to a string like a number or a boolean.
So this could also be a function call here.
So we could cause a method we were just read on the view object come back to this later.
Or anything else which in the end gives us some text.
If we now had control ENTRAR we see Mxs and we don't see curly braces name.
So viewed as.
Replaced curly braces name with the value of name Max that's a very simple view gigas application in
the next lecture.
I want to explain how this magic here happens.